| Key          | Value                                                                                          |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Date :       | 18-12-2024                                                                                     |
| Time :       | 13:45                                                                                          |
| Location :   | Online                                                                                         |
| Chair        | Luca Bledea Floruta                                                                            |
| Minute Taker | Stepan Urumov                                                                                  |
| Attendees :  | Victor Badescu, Luca Bledea Floruta, Melle Moerkerk, Sergiu Tiron, Stepan Urumov, Guus Willems |

### Agenda Items:

1. **Opening by Chair** (1 min)

2. **Check-in: How is everyone doing?** (3 min)

3. **Quick Announcements by the team** (2 min)

4. **Approval of the Agenda** (2 min)

5. **Approval of Last Minutes** (2 min)

6. **Announcements by the TA** (7 min)

7. **Presentation of the Current App to TA** (5 min)

8. **Talking Points** (15 min)
   - **Feature Implementation Updates** (4 min)
   - **Addressing setback encountered last week** (4 min)
   - **Reminder to edit the issues based on the feedback** (2 min)
   - **Planning for This/Next Week** (2 min)

9. **Questions Round** (5 min)

10. **Feedback Round** (2 min)

11. **Planned Meeting Duration vs Actual Duration** (1 min)

12. **Closure** (1 min)

### Minute-Taker Notes:

1. **Announcements from TA**
   - **We have until the end of the Christmas holiday for knock-out criteria (Sunday before first week)**
   - **It is advised we do at least 2 MRs per week**
   - **MRs should be discussed or reviewed within 2 days**
   - **For each MR we should aim to have multiple commits (2-3)**
   - **Commits should affect a small number of files**
   - **Use AID model for buddycheck**
   - **Buddycheck feedback from others is currently not working (TA will ask)**

2. **Setbacks from last week**
   - **(Luca:)There was a lot of chaos in the weekend. Different people were merging at the same time. One MR deleted a lot of important code and a lot of time was spent fixing the mistake**
   - **Concensus: Be more careful in the future and do tasks on time!**

3. **Addressing the Monday meeting**
   - **Edit past issues according to the feedback we got!**
   - **Get the issues right from the start! (Description, Time-tracking, Labels, etc.) Do not let them pile up.**

4. **Bugs in app**
   - **Deleting notes does not work anymore**
   - **Concensus: Luca will look into this**
   - **Notes didn't get automatically saved by keystrokes but only on Sergiu's machine**

5. **Updates on code**
   - **Finish Collections and Live Language Switch before the end of the holiday**

6. **Question round**
   - **Avoid creating a user story issue**
   - **Create a milestone for a week and assign all issues for that milestone**
   - **Milestones should be week-specific! (not feature specific)**
   - **It is advised we create a current milestone to work on and a next milestone to leave open in case we need to transfer issues**
   - **There should be tests on all parts of the project (client, commons, server)**
   - **Write tests along with the project, do not let it pile up!**
   - **Assign issues to a particular user story. This means writing which user story the issue is linked to in the description of the issue**

7. **Meeting Duration**
**Expected meeting duration: 45 mins**
**Actual meeting duration: 35 mins**

8. **Main Action Points:**
   - **Avoid creating a user story issue**
   - **Milestones should be week-specific! (not feature specific)**
   - **Assign issues to a particular user story. This means writing which user story the issue is linked to in the description of the issue**
   - **Edit past issues according to the feedback we got!**
   - **Get the issues right from the start! (Description, Time-tracking, Labels, etc.) Do not let them pile up.**
   - **Write tests along with the project, do not let it pile up!**
   - **Finish Collections and Live Language Switch before the end of the holiday**
   - **MRs should be discussed or reviewed within 2 days**
   - **For each MR we should aim to have multiple commits (2-3)**
   - **Commits should affect a small number of files**
