| Key           | Value                    |
| --------------| -------------------------|
| Date:        | 04-12-2024               |
| Time:        | 13:45                    |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg PC3           |
| Chair:        | Victor Badescu             |
| Minute Taker: | Melle Moerkerk           |
| Attendees:   | Victor Badescu, Luca Bledea Floruta, Melle Moerkerk, Sergiu Tiron, Stepan Urumov, Guus Willems |

### Agenda Items
---
1. **Opening by Chair** (1 min)
2. **Any potential important and quick announcements by the team** (1 min)
4. **Approval of the agenda and minutes from last week** (2 min)
5. **Announcements from the TA(if any)** (2 min)
6. **Product presentation to the TA** (5 min)
7. **Talking Points:**
    - Check-in on code development since Monday (2 min)
    - Addressing any setbacks encountered by team members (2 min)
    - Potential issue reassigning (1 min)
    - Discussing whether we should add weights to the issues on GitLab or not (3 min)
    - Testing with JUnit and Mockito (5 min)
    - Deciding on how to organize the Monday task distributions better (5 min)
8. **Summarize Action Points and the task distribution from Monday** (5 min)  
9. **Questions for the TA** (9 min)
10. **Clearing out any uncertainties** (2 min)
10. **Meeting impression and general feedback** (3 min)
    - How team members felt about the meeting
    - What could be improved for further meetings
11. **Planned Meeting Duration vs. Actual Duration** (1 min)  
12. **Meeting closure** (1 min)
---
Expected time:  50 minutes

### Minute Taker Notes
---

#### TA Announcements
- Our Code of Conduct was approved, we passed the assignment.
- Buddy Check due this friday.
- Tasks & Planning (formative feedback): this friday.

#### Code Development Check-in
No progress made since meeting on Monday, everyone was busy the past days.

#### Addressing Setbacks
Sergiu: asked TA about specifics regarding AI usage (when do you have to mention it was used, etc). **TA will update us on Mattermost.**

#### Adding weight & time tracking to issues
- We won't be using weights, because we believe adds unnecessary complication & it is not a graded element.
- We *will* be using GitLab's built-in time tracking features to keep track of expected vs. actual time spent on an issue. (See sidebar in an issue to find this)
- Additionally, we might use labels on issues that designate their difficulty level.

#### Testing our code
- We should add tests while writing our code, instead of adding them all at once at a later time.
- If you want to merge new code to the main branch, you should include tests for your code.
  - Especially for backend code, as this is quite easy to test. Frontend (JavaFX) is quite cumbersome to test so we might do this less/not at all.

#### Better organisation of the Monday meetings
- We should create issues on GitLab on Monday concering the things we will be implementing that week
    - (instead of our current method, where we send a notepad in the WhatsApp group).
- ... and we can then assign issues on GitLab instead.
- This is also easier to modify than having to send a document back and forth in the WhatsApp.
- Additionally, we should start using milestones.

#### Misc. concerns
- (Guus:) For the translation feature, the bullet points aren't a very even division of the work. Should we split these differently?
  - Concensus: we should handle this in our own 'subgroups'.
- (Victor:) We should postpone making the search feature server-side until after we have implemented multi-collections. Because otherwise, we'd have to refactor again after.

#### Monday Meeting Next Week
- No project rooms in the library available; meeting will have to be elsewhere (exact location undecided).
- Melle won't be joining in person (will be available online).

#### Meeting Duration
Actual meeting duration: 49 min

### Action Points
- GitLab issues for this week should be created **today** (December 4th).
- We should start using milestones this week.
- Buddy Check due this **friday** (December 6th).
