| Key         | Value                                             |
| ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **Date**         | 22-01-2025                                            |
| **Time**         | 13:45                                                 |
| **Location**     | Drebbelweg PC3                                        |
| **Chair**        | Sergiu Tiron                                          |
| **Minute Taker** | Victor Badescu                                          |
| **Attendees**    | Victor Badescu, Luca Bledea Floruta, Melle Moerkerk, Sergiu Tiron, Stepan Urumov

### Agenda Items

1. **Opening by Chair** (1 min)  
2. **Check-in: How is everyone doing and what has everyone done this week?** (2 min)  
3. **Announcements by the TA** (3 min)  
4. **Approval of the agenda & last week's minutes** (1 min) 
5. **Presentation of the current app to TA** (3 min) 
6. **Talking Points**:  
   - **Grading rubrics self-assessment** (5 min)  
   - **Current state of the app + expected grade** (5 min)  
   - **Desired final state of the app** (5 min) 
   - **Tasks split/ one more epic?** (5min)
7. **Summarize Action Points** (3 min)  
8. **Last meeting - initial expectations vs reality** (5 min) 
9. **Planned Meeting Duration vs. Actual Duration** (1 min)  
10. **Question Round** (5 min)  
11. **Closure** (1 min)  

**Total Expected Time:** 45 minutes

# Minutes of the Meeting

## Discussion on Weekly Progress:
- **Luca, Stephan, and Victor:** Nothing significant to report.
- **Sergiu:** Worked on file embedding backend.
- **Melle:** Worked on file embedding frontend.

## Announcements:
- **Code Freeze:** Sunday. No GitLab access afterward, so the repository must be cleaned and tidied up by **Sunday**.
- **Deadline for BuddyCheck:** **Friday**.
- **README Update:** Update README by **Sunday** to include all necessary instructions.

## Agenda:
1. **App Presentation:** Presentation to the TA.
2. **Issues to Work On Before Code Freeze:**
   - **Melle:** Check the technology assignment rubric to ensure everything is implemented properly.
   - **Luca:** Fix the merging of language fields into one.
   - **Victor:** Write the README file by **Sunday** and include all necessary points.
   - **Stephan:** Ensure everything works regarding the collections section of the app.
   - **Sergiu:** Thoroughly check all basic requirements.
   - **Melle:** Address any remaining checkstyle issues.
   - **Sergiu and Victor:** Revisit the Git planning rubric and further format the repository.

3. **Assigning Embedded Files Backlog:**
   - **Luca:** Ensure files are deleted properly from notes on user request.
   - **Victor:** Enable renaming of files and address further UI improvements and bugs.
   - **Stephan:** Ensure the image text is added to the editing area in the correct format and images render properly.
   - **Sergiu:** Recheck backend features to resolve server errors.

## Action Items:
- **Important:** Everyone should create issues for their tasks.
- **Deadlines:**  
  - BuddyCheck: **Friday**  
  - README Update: **Sunday**
